better defaults for SPARROW_USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS (#368)
man-group/sparrow: CMakeLists.txt

OPTION(USE_DATE_POLYFILL "Use date polyfill implementation" ON)
MESSAGE(STATUS "🔧 Use date polyfill: ${USE_DATE_POLYFILL}")

> OPTION(USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS "use types without api for big integers" OFF)
> # we need to USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS for:
> # * 32bit systems
> # * mscv compilers
> if(CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P EQUAL 4 OR MSVC)
>     set(SPARROW_USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS ON)
>     set(USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS ON CACHE BOOL "use types without api for big integers" FORCE)
> endif()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(DEFAULT_USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS (CMAKE_SIZEOF_VOID_P EQUAL 4 OR MSVC)) # Not correct
OPTION(USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS "use types without api for big integers 'ON' by default on 32 bit systems and MSVC compilers" ${DEFAULT_USE_LARGE_INT_PLACEHOLDERS})
endif()
```
